[ALAS RAMUS cries loudly]
Sometimes life is hard, kiddo!
And sometimes people
you think are your parents
aren't in the slightest!
No! Not true!
Dada is Satan!
Come on, Emi,
you're her fake mom!
What should we do?
What? How the heck would I know?
Mama!
Uh...
So I'm not Fake Mom of the Year!
She caught the sacred
sword barehanded.
She looks like a normal baby,
but there's no way she is!
Understood.
But your theory isn't going to
do us any good at the moment.
She expects you
to be her mother,
so you should act as such.
Gee, thanks, Bel, that must
be easy for you to say!
I don't see the problem,
Miss Yusa!
I'd trade places with you
in a heartbeat if I could!
I'm sure you would.
No Maou-driven
ulterior motives, right?
Okay, kid, this is
a lot right now.
Say it with me,
"Emi's not Mama"!
Waah... Mama!
Oh, all right.
I guess a hug wouldn't hurt.
If it weren't for
the apple thing,
I'd think she was
a totally normal baby.
Pokey, pokey.
Don't be a doofus!
The kid is finally asleep.
So, uh, one thing,
why does she think
her Dada is Satan?
Maybe she's like a baby duck?
She could've imprinted on
the first two people she saw
after hatching out of the apple.
Not what I meant.
I think you could be right
about her imprinting on Maou,
but how could she have
known that he was Satan?
Well, that's pretty simple.
I bet somebody must've called me
that within earshot of her.
You realize in that scenario,
that same somebody is who
disguised her as an apple, then
found your address
and sent her there?
Yeah.
Who is this "somebody"? Is she
this mysterious baby-mama?
Okay, okay. Just focus on your
breathing, not my sex life.
We don't know whether
the person who sent her
is a friend or a foe.
Regardless, I'm sure
that they'll be back soon.
Oh! Could this
be Sariel's doing?
No. I highly doubt that
the archangel is involved.
"Alas Ramus" would be rather
unheard of for a name in heaven.
Those words are from a human
language in Ente Isla.
"Alas" means "wing,"
and "Ramus" means "branch."
We know one thing about
the parent who named her.
I am certain they hail
from Ente Isla.
That narrows it down, but we
still have no clue who they are.
We need to stay with
the kid until they show up,
then we can see
if they're on our side.
Oh, goody, I can't wait.
But that brings us to
the bigger problem
of who's gonna take
care of the apple-baby?
I'd like to help, but I live
alone and work days,
so I couldn't be with her
as much as needed.
It would be
exceptionally difficult
to support a child
on our budget.
But I have greater
concerns than that.
Demon kings and generals aren't
known for their parental skill.
I'm sorry.
I really want to help you guys.
But I don't know how I'd get my
mom and dad to be cool with it.
[SUZUNO] I have no
qualms about taking her in.
I cared for countless
children during my years
working for the Church.
Mister Maou?
You look disappointed.
Oh, I'm not.
It's just that something
doesn't feel right to me.
I've decided.
The Devil's Castle
will take in Alas Ramus!
[KAORI]
You never said.
How'd it go with
the boy from work?
"Maou," right?
Did you tell him you like him?
Yeah.
I'm still waiting on him
to give me an answer.
Awww... Maybe you just
weren't aggressive enough.
I don't think that's it.
[MAOU] Chi is a valued
employee of MgRonalds.
As her shift manager,
and as devil, I protect
those under my charge!
I'm kinda worried that he sees
me more as something to protect
than as my own person.
I can't quite figure out
how to change that.
You're a smart girl!
But maybe you could
use a little help.
Okay!
When practice is over, we should
hit MgR's and brainstorm!
Uh! That's sweet,
but I'm busy today.
Uh... Hello.
Nice to see you.
I'm sorry; is now a bad time?
No. The gremlin has
finally worn herself out.
[CHIHO]
Well, that's good, at least.
[ASHIYA] His Majesty
and I spent the night
trying to soothe her crying,
however, all our efforts
were to no avail.
There was only one
thing she wanted.
"Where's Mama? Where's Mama?"
What did you end up feeding her?
She ate a bit of our udon
without complaining at all.
It seems we can feed her human
food without any concern.
That's great news.
I bought some stuff.
There should be at least
one of everything
you could possibly need.
These are all diapers.
Try a few brands and
let me know which is best!
Oh, and these are antibacterial
wipes for when she makes a mess.
I got some little toothbrushes,
this tea for kids,
and a sippy cup.
You go so far above and
beyond for us, Miss Sasaki.
I can't find the words
to express the great wealth
of gratitude I feel inside.
Thank you.
But it's no big deal.
[ASHIYA] Nonsense. Once King
Satan gains power in Japan
and forms his new Devil's Army,
if you're willing,
I'd like to place you
among its highest ranks!
I'll pass on that one.
Besides, Mister Maou
gave me enough money
to buy all this stuff anyway.
It's fine.
I actually had fun at the store.
And someday, uh, I wanna shop
like this for my own baby.
And I hope Mister Maou
will be there.
What does that mean?
You heard nothing!
That should've stayed
locked away in my brain!
[SUZUNO] Here's the bento and
energy drink you requested.
I won't thank you.
Tell me.
How much?
I can't believe Mister Ashiya's
going to splurge
on an Orion Bento meal!
Wha--? We got food?
Quiet! Be gone, you freeloader!
Grumpy pants.
The crying last night
was quite otherworldly.
Despite there being
a wall between us,
it woke me from slumber
numerous times.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Dada.
--Huh?!
Da... da?
I beg you, not again!
[RIKA]
Hey, Emi.
Something bad happen, or what?
If you keep scowling
like that all day,
you're gonna
get gnarly wrinkles.
Let me guess, you got in a big
fight with Maou, didn't you?
You seem weirdly
excited by that idea.
It's different this time,
because I can't tell him
it's not my problem.
There's this little
toddler involved.
Hold up, do you have
a kid with that man?
No, but the kid
sure seems to think so. Ah!
Whoa. Well, that sounds juicy!
She's not mine!
She would tell you she is,
so, like, functionally
she is, but she's not!
Huh? Thank you
very much for calling.
This is Yusa from
Docodemo Customer Service.
[CHIHO]
That should do it.
You have impressive skill.
[ASHIYA]
Truly.
It's clear I'm no match
for you, Miss Sasaki.
And to think, as a general
I prided myself on efficiency!
I just have some experience
babysitting my cousin's kid.
Hey! Dirty diapers
are no fun, huh?
Uh, your Dada and the lady you
call Mama will be back soon!
Can you wait?
Uh-huh!
Oh, by the way! I'm Chiho.
Chi-oh?
Chi-ho! Wait a sec!
You can call me Chi
like your dad does!
Hi, Chi!
That won't do, Alas Ramus.
Chiho is your elder, so you
should address her with respect.
Do you understand respect?
Uh. No.
Let me see.
Could you call her Miss Chiho?
Choo. Mi. Mi Chi. Hi, Chi-mi!
I'm gonna explode!
Hi, Chi-mi! Hi, Chi-mi!
[CHIHO]
Aww!
You see that lady?
She's Miss Suzuno.
Uh, Suzu-mi!
All right. Well, that's fine.
Suzu-mi isn't so bad. Perhaps.
Call you Chi-mi! Her Suzu-mi!
Aw! Who's a little genius?
Stop. Stop saying
my name, child.
[SUZUNO]
Don't look at me like that!
No fair. You're just too cute!
You girls are so easy.
[RIKA]
So, she's a relative of Maou's?
That certainly seems
to be the case.
The real issue is, this kid
started calling me "Mama."
That'd throw anybody for a loop.
Latching onto you is one thing.
But mistaking you
for her mom is another.
I wouldn't interfere with her
emotions without a good reason.
If you're not committed
for the long haul,
I think you should
probably stay out of it.
That's great.
But I kinda promised
to swing by after work.
Okay, Mom!
You're, like, mega-committed
to this rugrat, huh?
Her real folks will come back,
so I don't feel sorry for her.
But, she's super attached to me,
and I want to make the time she
has with us as fun as it can be.
In typical Emi fashion,
you're a total softie.
This could get
really tricky, quick.
Just don't fall in love
with the kid so much
that you get all depressed
when she has to go back home.
Mm. Yeah, I'll be careful.
[RIKA] Lightbulb!
I just thought of the best way
you two could make
some memories!
Tada! Amusement park tickets!
Docodemo is one
of their investors.
So, any employee can use these.
Dada! We missed you!
Wha--? I don't know
what you were thinking
when you brought her here,
but this is a bad prank!
I'm so sorry.
I thought if we
took her for a walk,
a change of pace might
help her remember something.
Plus, she was really
antsy to see you.
Dada! Dada!
You need to reign
in that baby mouth!
Whoa, is that Maa and Chi's kid?
No way! If I find out
Maou did that to Chi,
I'll make him wish
he was never born.
Afraid you won't need to, bud.
Miss Kisaki's got that covered.
Hello, Maa.
Oh, balls!
Is the fry grease
making me hallucinate.
or did the girl Chi's
holding call you Dada?
Feel free to correct me
if I misheard her.
Well, Maa?
No, you heard right.
I remember you, you're a
friend of Maou and Sasaki's.
It's Miss Kamazuki, correct?
I'd hate to burden you,
but might I borrow
your friend for a moment?
Yes, ma'am.
Take all the time you need.
[KISAKI]
Thank you so much.
Hey, Maa. Escort
Miss Kamazuki to a seat.
And you, Chi.
Let me hold the baby for a sec.
I'm sorry.
It seems we should've put
more thought into this endeavor.
Nah.
I appreciate you two trying
to help Alas Ramus out a little.
Noble cause, if you ask me.
[SARUE moans]
Please, no.
Has heaven forsaken its angel?
Have you gone and repealed
for me your body's lust,
O fair Desdemona?
Is this babe the fruit
of your adultery?
Sorry, Suz.
I gotta go... over there.
Come back!
Crestia Bel. Is this a dream?
Tell me it's a dream!
Sadly, it's not. But I
understand you know nothing
of the child's origins, then?
No crap!
I wish that baby
was mine so bad!
Think it through.
A high school girl
coming and going
from a man's house
with a child in her arms.
I know every
situation is complex,
but that's not a good look.
But... Um... Mister Maou
and I didn't do anything.
He just needs
extra help right now.
You still have a lot to learn
about how people work.
That's okay.
But our society is prone
to leap to conclusions
and spread nasty rumors.
The worst part of it all is
there's no way to stop it.
You smell like my Dada!
Is that so?
Well, I believe it.
It must be all the burgers.
I've said all that before.
And each time a young
person snaps back with,
"What does society know
about me or my situation?"
Neither of you did that, which
puts you above the crowd.
I don't know much
about that stuff.
Certainly not enough to dismiss
all of the wisdom you gave us.
Heh. Admitting that means you're
one step closer to adulthood.
Well, Maa?
You should head
home for the day.
Huh? But why?
You've got a kid here
calling you "Dada."
I think you should
prioritize this time
with your family over your
next MgRonald's paycheck.
[MAOU]
Listen, Chi.
What's up?
Okay, so I know everything
Miss Kisaki said was true.
But I need you.
Can I ask you to stick
with me for a little longer?
Huh?
Even though nobody's
fighting right now,
Emi and Suzuno are technically
still my sworn enemies.
That leaves you.
If you asked me who's
the human in Japan
that I feel the
safest relying on.
Well, you're about it, Chi.
Also, I realize it's
totally unfair of me
to say all this stuff
when I still haven't given you
the proper answer you deserve.
And I'm sorry.
But I need you to
keep helping me.
For a while.
Hey! Why are you crying?
Oh, jeez, did I offend
you or something?
Um. Oops, I'm sorry.
It's just, what you said
made me so happy.
I'm really glad
I'm someone you can rely on.
Uh. You're happy?
So, what's with
the waterworks, then?
Oh, well, uh,
Sometimes people cry
when they're happy.
It's a human thing.
Yeah. It must be.
I don't really get it.
I understand you
can't answer me now.
That's fine.
No matter what you decide,
I'll be here waiting.
So, uh...
What Chi-mi?
Don't worry.
I'll help you the best I can!
Wow, thank you.
I don't deserve it.
But, still...
Sure.
Glad you're still here.
I just remembered something.
Here. Some salesman
handed me these.
I figured I'd give them to you
since I won't use them, but, uh,
you two understood the
point of my speech, right?
It seems we have
an abundance of tickets.
I've heard Tokyo Big-Egg Town
is supposed to be super fun.
It's the perfect way
to entertain a kid.
Plus, I'd hate to
waste these, so let's go.
Wanna go with Mama and Dada!
Hey, you brought the
tickets here, same as me.
Please, you had to
have seen this coming.
Whaddya mean by "this"?
Hey, Alas Ramus!
We can go to the park, but is
it cool if Mama stays home?
No! Mama comes!
Then maybe it would be best if
you and Mama have a girls' day.
I'll skip out on this one.
No!
You heard the kid.
If anybody else has
a better plan, I'm in.
You just have to
convince Alas Ramus.
I for one would love
to find a workaround.
Well, my liege.
the obvious choice here seems
like an unnecessary risk.
You and the hero.
Miss Yusa?
If you ask me,
you three should go together.
[EMI]
Hmm? Wait, really?
Of course! Try thinking
about it differently.
You can keep an
eye on Mister Maou!
Okay, but what about you?
Please, this isn't
about me at all!
The most important thing is,
we make sure Alas Ramus
has the best time ever!
[EMI groans]
I hate this.
Pull yourself together Emilia,
you're supposed
to be the freakin' hero,
and besides, you're going
as the baby's substitute mom!
Yeah, you're just the mom,
not the devils w-w-wi--
I'm being ridiculous!
Maybe I should swing
by the salon first.
[phone rings]
What?! What do you want?!
[EMERADA]
Calm down!
It's your pal, Emerada.
Don't judge me! It's not a date,
and I'm not looking forward
to it, do you hear?
[EMERADA] I hear you,
but what are you talking about?
Oh, nothing, never mind then.
Everything's going great here!
I'm most definitely
doing my job.
My hero-ly duties are
never far from my mind!
[EMERADA] Good.
Oh, and that angel who was
after the sacred sword
is still there, right?
[EMI] Yeah, but Sariel's
not exactly the threat
he used to be.
I'm still not sure why he came
after the sword, though.
While I've gotcha,
It might be nothing,
but we have a new visitor.
A little girl who hatched
out of an apple?
I've never heard of
anything quite like that.
I can't think of a being,
human or demon,
capable of such a
unique transformation.
I figured. Yeah, same.
Well, I'll dig around a bit
and see what I can find
on the little apple-baby.
Jeez. I'm going.
I'll hit the salon,
and that clown won't
see me looking tired!
[ASHIYA]
It's too dangerous, Sire!
I beg you reconsider!
Chill out, will ya?
If you ask me,
Emi's way out of her
trying-to-kill-me-in-public era.
Even if Emilia is no danger,
what if some third-party butts
in and targets Alas Ramus?
She's not safer
holed up in here,
and besides,
she needs fresh air.
Or would you rather the poor
kid end up like Urushihara?
She's far surpassed him!
She makes a conscious effort
to always bring me her dishes
when she's through eating.
She's quite polite and
showers me with thank yous!
Urushihara's that worthless?
Precisely, Sire!
Lay off!
If you're concerned
about their well-being,
why don't you tail them
from a discrete distance?
We have plenty of
extra tickets to spare.
What about the castle?
Knock yourself out playing spy,
I'll do the dirty work of
defending our home.
Dirty work, you say?
Don't pretend you haven't been
waiting for a moment alone!
Now you can use Jungle Prime's
same-day delivery feature!
You should go
if you're able, Alciel.
I'll watch over Lucifer
and his purchases.
Well, that's fine
with me if you insist,
but I don't think worrying about
what might happen will help.
For me, I'm only gonna worry
about what's going on right now,
and the situation we've
gotten ourselves into.
[SUZUNO]
Hmm? What do you mean by that?
Isn't it obvious?
If the tot sticks around,
I'm gonna have trouble
feeding the household.
I'll just have to work harder.
I can handle that.
[ASHIYA] Sire, might I inquire
about one small thing?
Why did you decide to take in
Alas Ramus in the first place?
[MAOU] I made the decision,
but you, Chi, and Suzuno
are the ones caring for her.
Sorry about that.
I just figured if something bad
does end up happening,
it's probably best if I can take
all the responsibility for it.
I don't have proof that
something bad will happen,
and it's not like she's my kid,
but I can't help
being concerned.
Nothing looks suspicious.
The most suspicious thing here
is you wearing
sunglasses inside.
Miss Sasaki!
How did you find me?
That's easy,
Miss Suzuno tipped me off!
Also, more importantly,
if something happens,
you'll be in a way bigger pile
of trouble than Mister Maou.
What? And why might that be?
You don't have a
cell phone, Mister Ashiya.
How were you gonna
call for reinforcements?
I was hoping I would be
able to locate a pay phone.
Not the greatest strategy
if you ask me.
You can borrow mine in case
there's an emergency.
Also, ditch the glasses,
they make you look extra creepy.
Come on, the lady
said I look cool.
I'm happy they get to
have this time together,
but it makes me feel weird.
What? You see something dubious?
Oh, my goodness.
Miss Yusa went big, huh?
What now?! You're telling
me that's Emilia?!
How would one even begin
to fight in that getup?
Has she that forgotten
she's the hero?
[chuckles]
So, what do you two think?
Are you fans of
Emi's fancy outfit?
Huh? You're Miss Yusa's
friend from work!
Oh, Miss Suzuki!
What are you doing here?
I just followed her from work.
Should you be at
your job right now?
Thankfully, Emi and I
both had morning shifts.
I'm glad I came.
This is a sight to see!
She's never come to work
all dolled up like this before!
I knew today must be the day.
Ahhh...!
Unfortunately, the try-hard
route can backfire.
Your boy Maou came as he was,
making him the clear
victor of this round.
That's juicy stuff.
So, what comes next?
Whatcha gonna do?
[GABRIEL]
Thank goodness.
Our search didn't
take long at all.
Let us hurry.
It's up to us to restore
the Tree of Life
back to its proper form.
[URUSHIHARA]
A little teriyaki chicken,
melty mozzarella
half and half magic.
Plus, some fried chicken
to wash it down.
Place order.
--[whirring sound]
--Hmm?
Weird.
That felt like a massive
Gate opening up.